Then using PoisFFT from Fortran you must include the header "poisfft.h" which is
placed in the "src" directory. You can place it somewhere, whene your system's
include path points or adjust the environment variable.

You enable PoisFFT in your source by

  #include "poisfft.h"

All classes and functions are in the namespace PoisFFT::. There are also C functions 
with poisfft_ prefix available, but they are less comfortable to use. Their
description is in the respective usage text file.


The solver is a class template which has parameters with the number of dimensions of
the solver and with the floating point type (`float` of `double`).


  PoisFFT::Solver<3, double>


The simplest usage is like this

  // create solver object, 3 dimensions, double precision
  PoisFFT::Solver<3, double> S(ns, Ls, BCs);
  
  //run the solver, can be run many times for different right-hand sides
  S.execute(Phi, RHS);

  // check corectness
  check_solution(ns, ds, Ls, arr);

The first statement initializes the solver. The first argument is the array with 
number of points in each directions. Then an array with the physical dimensions of 
the grid. The third array argument specifies the boundary conditions on each outside 
boundary. Only limited number of combinations is supported, namely when all types are 
equal.

You can choose from these types of boundary conditions:

  PoisFFT::PERIODIC
  PoisFFT::DIRICHLET
  PoisFFT::NEUMANN
  PoisFFT::DIRICHLET_STAG
  PoisFFT::NEUMANN_STAG

They use different types of grid. In regular grid the boundary lies on one of the 
points (point `-1` for Dirichlet and point `0` for periodic and Neumann). With 
staggered the boundary lies between the points `-1` and `0`. The points with the 
solution start from point `0` and end at point `n-1`. There may be ghost points like 
`-1` and `n` in the array.

There are other (optional) arguments for the initializer:

                     const int approximation=0,
                     const int *gnxyz=0, const int *offs=0,
                     const void *mpi_comm=0, int nthreads=1

`approximation` can change the spectral approximation of the Poisson equation to the 
2nd order central finite difference, if it is equal to `PoisFFT::FINITE_DIFFERENCE_2` 
or `2`.

`gnxyz` contains the full number of all points when using MPI distributed grid

`offs` contains offsets from the first point in the MPI distributed grid

`mpi_comm` contains the MPI communicator

`nthreads` contains the number of threads requested. By default OpenMP uses full 
number of threads available. It can be used to disable threading too, or when using 
POSIX threads.

The call to the initializer can take much longer than the subsequent calls to 
`.execute()`.


    S.execute(Phi, RHS);

This statement calls the solution procedure. It can be called many times for 
different arrays. Array `Phi` will contain the solution after the call. `RHS` 
contains the right-hand side. Both arrays can be extended in any direction by any 
number of "ghost points", but the number must be equal for the opposite sides.
The number of ghost points must be passed in the optional arguments


    const int *ngPhi=0, const int *ngRHS=0
    
which have the same size as the number of dimensions of the solver and contains
the number of the ghost points in each direction (e.g. {ngx, ngy, ngz}).


The finalizer is called automatically when the solver goes out of scope according to 
the rules of C++.


